[flang][driver] Introduce FCC_OVERRIDE_OPTIONS. (#140556)
llvm/llvm-project: flang/docs/FlangDriver.md

 - `-Mcache_align`: there is no equivalent flag in Flang or Clang.
 - `-Mflushz`: flush-to-zero mode - when `-ffast-math` is specified, Flang will
   link to `crtfastmath.o` to ensure denormal numbers are flushed to zero.

## FCC_OVERRIDE_OPTIONS

The environment variable `FCC_OVERRIDE_OPTIONS` can be used to apply a list of

> edits to the input argument lists. The value of this environment variable is

Reviewer: Can we also document how this works relative to configuration files. For example, will the substitution option `s/XXX/YYY/` be applied to any options added by the configuration files or only to those passed in explicitly by the user?

Author: It does not effect the options added by the configuration files. The behavior is consistent with clang and `CCC_OVERRIDE_OPTIONS`.  I added a line in the documentation for it.

 - `-Mcache_align`: there is no equivalent flag in Flang or Clang.
 - `-Mflushz`: flush-to-zero mode - when `-ffast-math` is specified, Flang will
   link to `crtfastmath.o` to ensure denormal numbers are flushed to zero.

> ## FCC_OVERRIDE_OPTIONS

Reviewer 2: I noticed that clang/docs doesn't have the documentation. Perhaps we should document `clang/docs/UsersManual.rst` as well and reference it from FlangDriver.md?

(`"Each edit should be one of the following forms:" list ` should probably reference the clang doc)

Author: I will add clang documentation in a separate PR. The `FCC_OVERRIDE_OPTIONS` one can then probably just refer to it.

> The environment variable `FCC_OVERRIDE_OPTIONS` can be used to apply a list of
> edits to the input argument lists. The value of this environment variable is
> a space separated list of edits to perform. These edits are applied in order to
> the input argument lists. Edits should be one of the following forms:

Reviewer: What do you think of this?
```suggestion
The environment variable `FCC_OVERRIDE_OPTIONS` can be used to edit flang's
command line arguments. The value of this variable is a space-separated list of
edits to perform. The edits are applied in the order in which they appear in `FCC_OVERRIDE_OPTIONS`. Each edit should be one of the following forms:
```

Author: Thanks. This looks better than what I had originally. I have updated the docs.

- `#`: Silence information about the changes to the command line arguments.

> - `^FOO`: Add `FOO` as a new argument at the beginning of the command line.

Reviewer 2: For `clang a.cc`, this actually adds `FOO` after `clang`.  The comment in clang/lib/Driver/Driver.cpp and this description probably should be made more accurate.

Author: I have added "right after the name of the compiler executable" in both places. Hopefully that is enough to make it clear.
